# CS320

How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
  Through testing! Okay, that's a bit of a silly answer as the whole class is that. What i mean more so is that through testing we can create a much more secure, functional program. We can think about all the circumstances of how our program will be used and test for that. The issue is that there will always be issues that we didn't account for when it comes to our code. For those, a team of testers can help to think and test things that the developers most likely didn't think of as well. Lastly is in the production environment. Developers and even testers won't find everything but they should find anything that is mission critical and then in the production environment the smaller issues can be ironed out even more as users find small, less threatening, bugs in the program that can be looked at and fixed.
  
How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
  For myself, i make them my top priority. I write a list and at list is just a collection of all of the things that the program needs to do or not do. then i use that list as almost like a checklist while i am writing my code. I ensure that everything the user needs is in the program. I make sure that it works and that there isn't anything left out. Once i can confirm that everything the user needs is in the program, i start to refine the program a little bit and add some small things that i think might help to improve the program without causing any issues with the requirements that the user needs in the program.
  

How do I approach designing software?
  I feel that i approach designing software with a coding first mentality. I would love to try creating tests and then creating code to pass those tests but i also love the freedom of designing code without any restraints in the way of designing to code for the program. Once the code has then been written then i can focus more on designing tests that are to help make sure my code is sound and that there are no issues with the software at all. If there are issues then i can go back and fix them. I do though try to ensure that my code has comments and is legible and able to easily be followed so that when it does come down to fixing the code, it's easy to go through, find the issue and then fix it.
